a funeral service has been held in Gaza
for Al jazer cameraman Samar Abu Daka
who died after an Israeli missile strike
on Friday dozens of people paid their
respects to the veteran journalist
including his colleague Al jazer as Gaza
bureau chief while aladu who was also
injured in the attack summer was
reporting from a un run School in the
southern city of can yunes when he was
hit by shrapnel he later succumbed to
his
injuries we were targeted
directly by a missile this is the
behavior of the
occupation we are the colleagues of
Sam in the profession of Journalism and
in Al jaaz we are always there we are
carrying this human message and we are
carrying this Noble message we will
continue to do our Duty with the best
professionalism and
transparency despite targeting more than
journalists and they have targeted the
offices the cars the families of these
journalists the way they are doing now
it's the same way they are doing now
against the Palestinians in Gaza Strip
we will continue our duty we will carry
our
message samur abaka is the 13th aler
journalist killed since the network
launched in
1996 a statement released by Al jazer
condemns in the strongest terms the
Israeli drone attack on a Gaza school
that resulted in the killing of
cameraman summer Abu Daka it adds the
network holds Israel accountable for
systematically targeting and killing
aler journalists and their families and
extends its sincere condolences to the
family in Gaza and in Belgium of samur
Abu Daka with the killing of samur the
number of journalists and media workers
in Gaza killed in Gaza has reached over
90 Al jaer urges the International
Community and the international criminal
court to take immediate action to hold
the Israeli government and Military
accountable